/* Michelle Luo
 * Cmdr. Schenk
 * October 19th
 * AP CSA
 */

- implement music
- implement pictures...


Zork’s Revenge
Major Project
Mul-ple Minor and 1x Major grade for this project
Tl;dr:
You will build a text-based adventure game in the style of Zork. In Java.
Specifica8ons:
DONE 1. Must accept N/n, S/s, E/e, W/w cardinal direc-on commands.
DONE 2. Ini-al prompt limit is 1 sentence to user then a prompt.
DONE 3. Must accept simple commands like take, drop, help, look
    a. Take (or similar command) – pick up object
    b. Drop (or similar command) – drop object at current loca-on
    c. Help – display help screen of commands, etc.
    d. Look – survey immediate surroundings and prompt with what is seen
    i. Can be the same in a given set of loca-ons like on same path un-l something new is in range. 
4. Data expecta-ons:
    i. Track posi-on of each thing. Items in backpack updated with each move 
    the user makes so that drops have current player posi-on
    ii. Recommend structs to store posi-on and status of each item (carried or 
    dropped)
    iii. Recommend an array to track backpack that cannot hold all the things 
    you hide along the paths
iv. Recommend a 2-dim array for each of:
    1. Default posi-on prompts
    2. Posi-on responses for “Look”
    3. (Op-onal) posi-onal responses as a surprise, (i.e. monster jumps 
    out if carrying wrench.)
5. Minimums:
a. 12x12 grid for the adventure. Good games will involve more.
b. Backpack or satchel that can carry at least 6 items
c. At least 6 contact interac-ves (monsters, challenges, locked doors requiring keys, 
etc). Must account for survival or demise or cannot pass locked door/gates, etc.
d. Must parse cardinal headings
e. Must parse at least 6 common commands like look, acack, use, etc.
f. Must have 3 ways for demise of player
g. Must have a way to successfully win that is not trivial
Way to 100:
Well-engineered POCO/Container CLASSES
More things to find
More interac-ons
Bigger/longer course
Heavy originality
Pasing user commands that are mul--word
Outstanding gameplay experience – beyond the norm
Checkpoints:
• Func-oning navigable grid (Minor)
• Basic gameplay of moving and picking up-dropping items (Minor)
• Pre-submission run-checks (Minor)
• Submission/Code grade (MAJOR)
• Peer gameday reviews (Minor)